I made her killing in tips today.
But keep this up.
I'll be a millionaire in no time.
She's so obsessed with money.
Is she another gold digger?
I can't go through another rough patch.
Listen, before we get married,
there's something I should confess.
Miss.
Estella.
I'm Estella.
And how should I address you?
You could just call me Ethan.
You should know I've been married before.
And I'm a security guard.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, I've had no real career advancement.
At best, I can become head of security.
People have said that I have no ambition.
Are you sure you want to marry someone like that?
Well, you have experience.
And you know how to run a household.
You've been in a stable relationship.
As for the career, I mean, at least you have a steady job.
Honest men are really hard to come by nowadays.
Marrying you feels right.
So don't worry.
We'll figure it out together and we can have a family and we'll be happy.
Hey, what an amazing pair.
Perfect much.
He looks just like the jerk who ruined my life.
Wait.
Were you at the Dion hotel three years ago?